Using proper pseudo-code, describe the following primitive algorithms:

Making coffee;
 INIT cup
 WHILE cup isn't full.
   add water to cup
 END WHILE,
   Pour cup water in coffeemaker.
   Put coffee in coffee filter.
   press the brew button.
   Pour coffee into cup
   
Washing dishes;
 Pour water over the dish.
 Put soap in sponge.
 WHILE dishes arent clean
   Scrub dish until plate is clean.
   Wash dish
 END while.
 SET dishes on the rack.
	
Using a washing machine 
   INIT loadSize = load size of clothes   
   
   IF loadSize = small
    Select small on the machine.
    Use small amount of detergent

   ELSE IF loadSize = medium
    Select medium on the machine.
    Use medium amount of detergent.
   ELSE
    Select large on the machine .
    Use large amount of detergent.  
   END IF
   Press Start.
  

As with the knot algorithm, there may be more than one way to solve the problem. It is essential to try to pick the best algorithm for a situation. Name three companies who created an algorithm that made them successful, e.g., Google's search algorithm. It doesn't need to be a tech example (such as a recipe or manufacturing a product). Google's algorithm produces more relevant results than other search engines; what about each of your cases make them stand out?
	
   -Tesla's algorithm on their cars allows them to use auto pilot. Tesla's auto pilot allows it to drive, brake         speed,etc automatically. Compare to other cars Tesala's auto Pilot is more accurate because of it's popularity.     Tesla improves its algorithm by learning from each car and because of tesla's popularity, there are many            cars to learn from which makes the algorithm much more accurate.
   -Google maps allows them to give the most accurate maps and time estimations on travelling.Unlike other map apps     google is able to spend enough money to constantly patrol and monitor streets to give the most accurate             estimation and they also collaborate with other organization like google earth to give satellite view. Most         companies just don't have the money and resources to acheive this amount of accuracy.
   -PizzaHut's algorithm allows them to have a great flavoured pan pizza.Just like Tesla, popularity plays a roll       here, Pizzahut pan pizza is one of their most popular items and with years of making it and understanding           customers satisfaction, pizzahut is able to make the pan pizza that is the most suitable to it's customers.
    Pizzahut's greesy pan pizza with crunchy on the outside and fluffy on the inside crust stands out from the rest     of the pizza chain.      
   
   
Hypothesize about what constitutes an efficient algorithm versus an inefficient algorithm.
 
   A good algorith has to be consistent, the result shouldn't differ with variations. For example no matter what      sauce you put in the pizza or what   toppings you put the crust should still be able to cook properly. I would       also say a good algorithm should take a consistent amount of time. Time   could vary however it should only          vary to an extent, it shouldnt run infinitely. A good algorithm should also be the most efficient, it should be   able to acheive the most with as little time, space and effort as possible.
   
   